### About ###

This is the example code repository of the "The OpenFOAM(r) Technology Primer" book.

Authors: 

* Tomislav Maric tomislav@sourceflux.de
* Jens Hoepken jens@sourceflux.de
* Kyle Mooney kyle.g.mooney@gmail.com

Contributors: 

### Installation ###

The example code has been tested with the following OpenFOAM versions:

* OpenFOAM-2.2.x 
* OpenFOAM-2.3.x

**The port to 2.3.x is currently underway - all libraries except primerDynamicFvMesh should run on both versions.**

The OpenFOAM Technology Primer example code repository is a self-sustained set of applications and libraries that are compiled against a properly configured and installed OpenFOAM platform (versions listed above). 

#### Obtaining the source code ####

    git clone https://sourceflux@bitbucket.org/sourceflux/primer-examples.git  

#### One-time configuration ####

Source the `etc/bashrc` configuration script, then execute `Allwmake` to compile the project libraries and applications:

    cd primer-examples
    . etc/bashrc
    ./Allwcmake

#### Permanent configuration ####

To set the configuration variable every time a new tab/terminal is opened, source the "etc/bashrc" script of this project from within the "~/.bashrc" startup script:

    source /path/to/primer-examples/etc/bashrc

### Issues ###

We have tested the example applications and libraries multiple times. Also, we have gone through the tutorials in The OpenFOAM Technology Primer book ourselves, for more times that we would even like to remember. Still, this repository holds program source code, so it's likely that there are still bugs somewhere, in hiding. :) We hope that the users of the code will use the [Issue Tracking](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BITBUCKET/Use+the+issue+tracker) available on the Bitbucket site and report any open problems. Using the Issue Tracker makes it easier for us to work together to fix the problems you have encountered. 

Having said this, we welcome you to the issue tracker, [have fun reporting bugs](https://bitbucket.org/sourceflux/primer-examples/issues?status=new&status=open). 

In case that you fix the bug on your own, please just make a [pull request](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BITBUCKET/Work+with+pull+requests), and we'll merge it to our repository so that all the readers benefit and add you to the contributors list.

### Disclaimer ###

This offering is not approved or endorsed by OpenCFD Limited, the producer of the OpenFOAM  software and owner of the OPENFOAM and OpenCFD trade marks. 
